Test DSL Cordform adaptation (#17)
web3j/corda: docs/tests.md

would automatically build and add the sample CorDapp to each node.

## Configuration

The configuration values available in the DSL are as follows:

### **`network`**

Defines a dockerized Corda network.

#### Optional configuration

* `version: org.web3j.corda.util.OpenApiVersion`
    
    Open API version exposed by the nodes (defaults to `3.0.1`). 
    
* `directory: java.io.File`
    
    Base directory where CorDapps are located (defaults to `user.dir` system property).

* `tag: String`
    
    Network Map Docker image tag (defaults to `v0.5.0`)

#### Read-only configuration

* `image: String`
    
    Network map Docker image name, `cordite/network-map`.
    
* `notaries: Array<CordaNotaryNode>`
    
    The notary nodes in this network, indexed by position (e.g. `notaries[0]`).

* `parties: Array<CordaPartyNode>`
    
    The party nodes in this network, indexed by position (e.g. `parties[0]`).
    
* `api: org.web3j.corda.networkmap.NetworkMapApi`

    The API to interact with the Network Map in this network. 

* `service: org.web3j.corda.protocol.CordaService`

    The Corda service to access the Network Map.

### **`notary`**, **`party`**

> Inside a `network` you can declare nodes using the `notary` and `party` markers.

Author: What about _blocks_ ?

* `tag: String`

    Docker image tag, e.g. `latest`
    
#### Read-only configuration

* `p2pAddress: String`

    Address/port the node uses for inbound communication from other nodes. 
    (see [p2pAddress](https://docs.corda.net/corda-configuration-file.html#corda-configuration-file-p2paddress))
     e.g. `example.com:10002`

* `canonicalName: String`

    Canonical name to be used as Docker container and host name, e.g. `notary-london-gb`.

### **`notary`**

Defines a Corda notary node.

#### Optional configuration

* `validating: Boolean`

    Defines this notary as validation (defaults to `false`).

### **`party`**

Defines a Corda party node.

#### Optional configuration

* `webPort: Int`

    Braid server port for this node, random by default.

#### Read-only configuration

* `webAddress: String`

    Address/port to communicate with Braid server, e.g. `example.com:10002`
    
* `corda: org.web3j.corda.protocol.Corda`

    Corda instance to interact with this node through the Braid server.

## Customizing Docker images and tags

All of `network`, `notary` and `party` elements allow you to specify which Docker container image name and tag you want

> to use in your network. This table resumes the default values:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to use in your network. This table specifies the default values used:
```
